docs: add more details to ram/cpu/disk recommendations (#3222)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/checklist.md

  - **8 cores** or more
  - Add more CPU (compared to adding more RAM) to improve performance.

For typical OLTP workloads YugabyteDB, performance  improves with more aggregate CPU in the cluster. 

> You can achieve this by picking larger nodes, or adding more nodes to a cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can achieve this by using larger nodes or adding more nodes to a cluster. 
```

> For high performance use-cases, we recommend nodes with at least 8 cpus, or preferably 16 cpus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For high performance use cases, Yugabyte recommend nodes with at least 8 CPUs (preferably 16).
```

If you do not have enough CPUs, this will show up as higher latencies and eventually dropped requests.

Memory depends on your application query pattern. 
Writes require memory but only up to a certain point (4GB, but if you have a write-heavy workload you may need a little more). 

> Beyond that, more memory generally helps improve the read throughput/latencies by caching data in the internal cache. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond that, more memory generally helps improve the read throughput and latencies by caching data in the internal cache. 
```

> Beyond that, more memory generally helps improve the read throughput/latencies by caching data in the internal cache. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond that, more memory generally helps improve the read throughput and latencies by caching data in the internal cache. 
```

If you do not have enough memory to fit the read working set, then you will typically 
experience higher read latencies because data has to be read from disk. 
Having a faster disk could help in some of these cases.

YugabyteDB explicitly manages a block cache, and doesn't need the entire data set to fit in memory. 
We do not rely on OS to keep data in its buffers. 

> If you give YugabyteDB sufficient memory all its data will stay in memory.

Reviewer 2: all its data will --> data accessed and present in block cache will

      - XFS is the recommended filesystem.
      - Use the `noatime` setting when mounting the data drives.

> YugabyteDB does not require any form of RAID, it runs optimally on a JBOD setup (just a bunch of disks). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB does not require any form of RAID, but runs optimally on a JBOD (just a bunch of disks) setup. 
```

> It can also leverage multiple disks per node, and has been tested beyond 10TB of storage per node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also leverage multiple disks per node and has been tested beyond 10 TB of storage per node.
```

Write-heavy applications usually require more disk IOPS (especially if the size of each record is larger), 
therefore in this case the total IOPS that a disk can support matters. 
On the read side, if the data does not fit into the cache and data needs to be read 

> from the disk in order to satisfy queries, the disk performance (latency and iops) will start to matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the disk in order to satisfy queries, the disk performance (latency and IOPs) will start to matter.
```
